deeply nested objcects

example of my mind and how I would represent it in code
adhd
stress
overthinking 
ideas
THOUGHT SPAM
core beleifs creating thougts


I want this project to portray how my mind feels to live in. Specificly highlighting how chaotic it feels
to exist with so many things going on. 


I am wondering how I will portray thoughts that come from the senses of the outside world vs thoughts that
come from inside. 

Maybe each thought comes from both inside and outside and each has parameters

final outcomes for this project:

dwarf fortress grid displaying thought populating a mind and interacting with outside stimuli 

scrolling text that looks like the terminal that moves down everytime a new thought generates.

maybe a collage website that uses my drawings


draft of elements:

- core beleifs
    - core beleifs determine if a thought is reacting negative or positivly, if a thought happens or not, 
    what catagory that thought fits into

- something to generate text or verbal content
- something that generates thoughts (function?)
- a template for the thoughts (that has  input from outside stimuli and core beleifs)
- some way to display this data


thoughts and observations of about my mind:
It will be literally impossible to capture how my mind works, or even a rough estimation of my experience.
The goal of this project will be to make a representation of how I view my mind right now in this moment,
which is chaotic and stressed, very out of control and almost a victim or a prisoner (feels cliche to say though).

My concern with this project is that I am using a framework that is very dirivitive of the DPT conception of
the mind where thoughts are generated from core beleifs that you hold from early childhood. Maybe thats fine 
though.

I feel I have very little control over my mind and thoughts. I feel like I am subject to the activities of 
my mind and not in control of them. I feel detmermind by the "weather" of my emotions and if they will allow
me to be control of my body or if ill be overwhelmed by thoughts and memories and stress and tasks.

goals for presentation day:

- text of thoughts dynamicly appearing on screen


